Don't be afraid, I still have cards
Can you make him hold the handrail?
Show your cards and I'll see who you are
Didn't you just call and say you wanted to declare war on me?
You are the sword lord
Except for me
How many more can
Walk up to your Hades with a swagger
Make you order
Activate the global underground forces and invade northern Europe
You're going to war with me
Am I still being polite to you?
I admit that you have some strength
But you're so arrogant
A horse came up to me.
It seems that you still don't know my horror.
In my eyes, everything is dust
You are no exception
Then let me see.
Can you get out of here alive?
Shoot me
Admiralty photo volcano
Volcanoes are like ghost mountains